Phi-3 (#30423)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/phi3.md

Reviewer: Great!

### Summary

The abstract from the Phi-3 paper is the following:

We introduce phi-3-mini, a 3.8 billion parameter language model trained on 3.3 trillion tokens, whose overall performance, as measured by both academic benchmarks and internal testing, rivals that of models such as Mixtral 8x7B and GPT-3.5 (e.g., phi-3-mini achieves 69% on MMLU and 8.38 on MT-bench), despite being small enough to be deployed on a phone. The innovation lies entirely in our dataset for training, a scaled-up version of the one used for phi-2, composed of heavily filtered web data and synthetic data. The model is also further aligned for robustness, safety, and chat format. We also provide some initial parameter-scaling results with a 7B and 14B models trained for 4.8T tokens, called phi-3-small and phi-3-medium, both significantly more capable than phi-3-mini (e.g., respectively 75% and 78% on MMLU, and 8.7 and 8.9 on MT-bench).

The original code for Phi-3 can be found [here](https://huggingface.co/microsoft/Phi-3-mini-4k-instruct).

## Usage tips

> - This model is quite similar to `Mistral` with the main difference in [`Phi3LongScaledRotaryEmbedding`], where it is used to extend the context of the rotary embeddings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This model is very similar to `Llama` with the main difference of [`Phi3LongScaledRotaryEmbedding`], where it is used to extend the context of the rotary embeddings. The query, key and values are fused, and the MLP's up and gate projection layers are also fused.
```
